#Laptop Purchasing Policy 

This policy has been created to assist with the purchasing of dxw-owned laptops by the employee. 
Please note there is no obligation to purchase your laptop upon leaving dxw or getting a refresh. 

##Who is eligible?
dxw is able to make employee-assigned laptops available to purchase if you are leaving us or if you are eligible for a refresh. 
For a machine to be eligible to purchase it must meet the following criteria - 
*The machine must be more than two years old, or being refreshed  
*You must have successfully completed your probationary period
*You must sign a waiver to confirm you accept the machine in its current condition

##What is the process for purchasing? 
If you are interested in purchasing your machine, a member of the commercial operations team will be able to confirm the purchase dates for you and whether you are eligible to buy. 
Please give at least two weeks' notice of your intent to purchase. 
Please note: your machine will still need to be completely wiped (by you, while on a call with a member of the technical operations team) ahead of purchase. You will therefore need to erase all personal data from the machine on or before a call with Tech Ops. It is your responsibility to back up any personal data that you need to keep to another location prior to the machine being wiped.

##How is the purchase price calculated?
The price we charge for purchasing your laptop is calculated in the following way: 
*A member of the tech-ops team will factor in the age, specification, and condition of your machine and compare it with the equivalent selling price on an online site
*The price of the previous 5 machines sold on an online site will be considered and the mean price will be calculated 
*A 20% employee discount is then applied

Warranty and terms of purchase
If you decide to purchase your laptop, please sign the [Laptop Purchasing Waiver](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ey5Hex20n9DuQrQeebG6CdgPqrKW1LpFTeG9U9cl0Eo/edit#) to say that you agree to accept your purchase in its current condition. 
Once you assume ownership, any warranties or insurance dxw may hold for the laptop will expire. dxw will not be responsible for any faults or damage that either exist or go on to develop after the date of purchase.

Who do I speak to for more information?
If you have any further questions around this policy or if you need help with a specific query, please speak to a member of the commercial operations team who will be able to assist you. 
Alternatively, if you need help with a technical query, please contact a member of the technical operations team. 
